♪ I been looking for an answer
♪ I'm down to start trouble
♪ I'mma put it down on paper
♪ Up and away we go
Vic, it's so early.
Hey, your wife's not answering.
Is she there?
Well, of course she's there.
Can you, uh--
Can I talk to her?
Can you put me on speaker?
What?
Whoo!
It's fire camp today!
You're yelling.
Just wanted to make sure
you're ready to run
the axe drill
and the fire box setup...
Yes, Vic. I will see you later.
...and the turnout relay.
Because I really feel like
you're gonna be the best
person to do that after--
May--
♪ Ooh, la,
something in the waterfall ♪
Where are you going?
For a run.
♪ And I want it all
more and more ♪
I took a pregnancy test
the other day.
What?
I'm sorry.
I had to know.
And you didn't think
I did?
I'm telling you now.
I'm not pregnant.
Wow.
I can't believe you took
a pregnancy test without me.
This is the part
you're reacting to?
I'm reacting to all of it.
No, you're not.
You're reacting to the part
that applies to you.
that you can be offended by.
I am not pregnant, Maya.
Did you hear that part?
I did.
And-- And...
"H-How are you, Carina?
H-How are you feeling?
Do you need anything?
Is there anything that
I can do for you?
What should we do next?"
All these
are normal things
that you can say
to your wife right now.
No, the normal thing
is doing a test together.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
I'm s--
Listen, I'm just
in shock, okay?
You seemed so--
O-Okay, I thought--
I thought it worked, okay?
You seemed so pregnant.
How did I
"seem so pregnant"?
I don't know.
Mood swings and--
and snacking and symptoms--
symptoms
of being pregnant.
Those are symptoms of being
a human being, Maya.
Okay, you know what?
I'm going to work.
Bailey's Reproductive
Care Clinic is opening today,
and I can actually
make a difference there.
I gotta go.
No, baby.
I got...
fire camp with Hughes.
Mm-hmm.
And I gotta get to 19 early
to get eyes...
Mm-hmm.
...on some Beckett stuff.
Ugh.
Yeah, there have been
some concerns.
What's your read on him?
Hm?
Is he drinking again?
Not drinking,
I don't think. Hmm.
But he isn't much
of a leader.
Wait, how are you
getting to work?
We drove here together.
You're going to 19 anyway,
I can just ride with you.
I'll jump out a few blocks
from the station.
You're not even joking.
You know, if we weren't
this covert couple,
think about the carpooling
we could do.
Think about how this affair is
contributing to climate change.
You're pushing again.
Again?
Mm-hmm.
Look at where we are.
Yeah, thanks to
credit card points.
We're in a hotel
in the city.
Where no one can know
that we're a couple
because you wanted more.
And now you want to ride
to work together, too?
Sully, it's too much.
Then we won't do it.
It's just breakfast.
I like having meals
with you, okay?
So if in-room dining
is the only way...
You got breakfast?
Mm-hmm.
French toast.
Ooh.
Bacon.
Yeah?
Hey, you know
I have to leave at 12:00
for the union thing, right?
Uh, yeah, I do.
From when you reminded me
last night
and then again this morning
when I was in the shower
and then again
when I was driving here.
You genuinely believe
I'm a person
who remembers
absolutely nothing?
Left on the kitchen counter,
says "Girls Fire Camp".
I don't-- Mm.
Really sucks that
you're abandoning me today.
Technically,
you abandoned me,
because you were supposed to go
to this union thing with me.
Okay, well,
you know what?
That was before Eli was
running the show.
And it's gonna be so much
better with him, right?
It's gonna be way less fun,
but it's gonna be better.
It will be less fun,
but it'll be better.
Lightning storm in
the forecast and now this?
Thanks a lot, Trav.
Lightning storms?
Today?
Travis won't stop
gushing about Eli.
Prompted by me, sure,
but it's like,
you know,
read the room, you know?
I mean,
I was doing the job... Yeah.
...and now someone better
is doing it,
and that's great,
but, I mean,
maybe I'm not the best person
to talk about the new guy with.
No, I'm not either.
I-I was hate-Googling him
last night.
Okay, I mean,
I don't hate him.
But do we--
I don't know, do we hate him?
I-I hate the type.
Like, he's too smart,
too charming,
too involved
in every do-gooder charity.
Like,
what's his deal anyway?
Well, I don't know. It kinda
sounds like his deal is, like,
exactly what he's doing, right?
I mean, honestly,
hearing that bio
makes me feel
a little bit better.
The guy hasn't done anything
for the campaign yet.
Yeah, he will.
He will, 'cause this is
just truly what he does.
I guess.
Eli. Eli.
Please, just hear me out,
all right?
I-If someone was trying
to kill you, yeah?
And in protecting yourself,
you killed him--
that is just
basic self-defense.
Even in court, self-defense,
not guilty.
Comparing this to
involuntary manslaughter
is really not helping
your argument here.
Dixon leaked a story
that makes you look like
you have rage issues.
We have something about him
that could change the narrative.
Leaking the Dixon Crisis One
call could jeopardize
the jobs of the people
on the call
and threaten the existence
of Crisis One itself.
Eli, I'm serious!
Well, how are you planning
to beat him, then?
Are we in this,
or are we not?
Hey, Ben.
Please meet Eli Stern,
my new campaign manager.
The man who's
gonna make my life
a whole lot easier?
Oh, what I wouldn't give
for one of those.
I'm in a non-fight
with my wife right now.
She-- She started this
new reproductive clinic,
and she wants me
to do anesthesiology there
when she knows
that I work here.
Oh, a-and get this,
get this--
she goes
"But aren't you
just on desk duty?"
This sounds like
a regular fight.
I am on desk duty most days
for our family,
not because I like it,
not because I like it.
You know, I can't just--
I can't just drop everything
because of what she got herself
into over there, right? Right?
Oh, yeah,
no, yeah, totally.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
You know, and today,
I'm not even on desk duty.
Today
I'm a firefighter.
She can't take that
away from me.
Dude.
Uh, I'm s--
Uh, what is he doing here?
This camp is not
a campaign event.
Everything can be a campaign
event if you have an Eli.
An Eli?
Yeah.
Uh, can I give you guys
a hand with this stuff?
Uh, no, I'm pretty sure
I'm stronger than you.
Plus, most of this stuff
is dusty,
and you look like
a guy with allergies.
Ooh!
So, today is the first day
of your FD careers.
Today we're gonna teach you
what it means
to be a firefighter,
and we're gonna treat you
like firefighters.
So every shift begins
with a lineup.
And, uh, you're gonna
introduce yourselves,
and, like real firefighters,
you're gonna use
your last names, okay?
You're gonna leave all
of your issues
and your self-doubt at the door
with your first names.
All right?
So, today, we are...
Herrera.
Warren.
Bishop.
Sullivan.
Over here?
O'Hare.
Mm-hmm.
Coles.
Davila.
Sophie.
She said last names.
It's okay.
Santos.
That's good.
Thank you.
Hendrix.
Lupex.
Whoa,
is that lightning?
Okay, you know what?
Let's just get started, huh?
Come on, everyone,
let's suit up.
Um...
Should we go inside?
Well, it's far away.
The weather report said
it's still miles outside
of Seattle, so...
Uh...
Look, everybody
knows this, right?
You count
the number of seconds
between the flash of lightning
and the thunder,
and then you divide
by five for the distance
of the storm in miles.
Right.
Right?
That's what it is.
So, 9, 10.
Oh, my God,
it's so far away.
It's so far away.
Wow, impressive.
Gonna be honest--
a little starstruck.
Ah,
you're a runner, too?
Yeah, track and field
at school, but--
I mean, you're Olympic,
so, wow.
I also listen to dispatch
all the time,
and I hear your name
a lot, so...
You listen to dispatch?
Yeah. Fire nerd.
Obsessed.
Good, you have to be.
You have to be
single-focused,
more determined
than anyone else here,
and have the mental
and physical strength
to work through the pain.
Get out there.
Right here.
Ready? Let's go.
Very nice, very nice.
Oh.
When thunder roars,
you go indoors.
Okay, you are so much hotter
than rhyming wisdom,
whi--
Ooh.
There you go.
One, two...
Yeah, he's right.
We gotta call it.
Chief, we don't--
There is plenty for them
to learn inside.
All right, I need all
these girls inside right now!
Let's go!
Let's pull it in!
Pick up a cone,
we're heading inside.
Follow me, follow me.
All right, ladies,
come in here.
We're just gonna stack
the cones right on that X.
X marks the spot here.
Right here. Yep.
Thank you, and then
we're gonna line up.
We're gonna
line up again, okay?
Aid Car 19, Ladder 19,
Engine 19...
All right,
all right, this way, this way.
Come on, ladies.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Right in here,
right in here.
You can watch
through your window.
Let's go, let's go.
Keep it moving, keep it moving.
Efficiency and with
urgency, efficiency and urgency.
I like to see it.
This way, this way.
This way.
Come on, come on, come on.
Hey! It's a call,
not a parade, Beckett.
How 'bout we set a good example
for our team and our guests?
Move! Let's go.
Good, now let's
line up here, ladies.
I like that teamwork.
Oh, yeah, nice, nice.
Hey, how long
do you think you'll be?
This union endorsement
is no joke.
You can't miss the meeting.
He's a firefighter.
I'm pretty sure
the firefighters' union
will understand
if Travis is a little late
because he's busy
fighting a fire.
Oh!
What she said.
Gibson.
Yeah, I was
looking for Herrera,
but I guess they're out?
I need you in there helping
Hughes with fire camp.
Perfect. Two birds. Um...
Team got a call
because of course
there's a lightning storm
on the day of this fire camp.
And I can't leave a station full
of teenagers with just Hughes,
so I need to be here
dealing with citywide chaos.
I need you in there
helping Vic.
Uh, well, uh
Uh, I--
I don't work here.
Well, thank you
for volunteering.
Go.
There are survivors
in that?
We shall see.
Wiggins, Klyne, get a protection
line-- foam that fuel!
Sullivan, Herrera,
assess the pilot.
Montgomery, Warren,
medical on the passengers.
Everyone else,
extrication tools!
Quickly and with focus,
boys and girls.
The lightning that
brought this down
could just as easily screw us!
You know, you want
to inspire the team?
Calling us kittens and boys
and girls isn't the way to go.
Oh, I didn't realize
daily inspiration
was also your
expectation of me.
This is the FD, Ru-is,
not a self-help seminar.
It's Ruiz.
My name's pronounced Ru-iz.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
Look at Bishop.
She's not okay.
Yeah, yeah, I'm on it.
No, dude, she shouldn't
even be here.
Is there a problem
over there, you two?!
Herrera, you're supposed
to be assessing the helo.
I know, I know.
I was just gonna make sure--
Go where your captain
is telling you!
Hey!
Can you hear me in there?
My name is Travis.
This is Ben.
We're here to help
you guys, okay?
It doesn't look good
in there, Warren.
Hey, how we doing
in there?
Um, I think I'm okay,
but Jonathan--
This can't be good, right?
Well, I've seen worse.
Oh, you sound like her.
Isabel's always trying
to keep it positive.
Keep everyone alert
and alive.
Alive?
Best producer out there.
Look at where we're at
because of me!
There's a pole
through your leg.
I'm the one who insisted
we fly in the storm.
Oh, my God.
This is all my fault.
Isabel, this isn't on you.
You didn't force me to do this.
Okay, Isabel, we're gonna
get you out of there,
but you gotta help us
by remaining calm, okay?
What about Omar, the pilot?
Is he okay?
Our colleagues are working
on him in the front right now.
Okay.
Whoo!
Wow, thank you.
Thank you.
All right, Gibson,
let's go.
Yep.
No, i-it's my wrist.
I had injury, so... Right.
Whatever you say, guy.
I did.
It was really bad.
All right. O'Hare,
show him how it's done.
Let's go.
Whoo! Very nice!
All the way down.
Santos, you're up.
That's okay.
Try again.
No, I don't--
I really don't want to.
It was-- It was already
better than mine.
Look,
I said I don't want to.
Okay, Gibson, you want
to take over for a second?
Yeah, l-let's roll these
bad boys up.
Santos, come here.
Look, can I please just go now?
This really isn't for me.
Okay, it is just day one, right?
I'm not good at things
on day two, three, or 53 either.
This is why my parents
are making me try this.
Okay.
Look, I wasn't great
at any of this stuff
when I was at the academy,
and look at me now, right?
Okay, all of this is so much
more about your head
than any of
the physical stuff.
And you're obviously one of
the smartest ones here, right?
See? Yeah, you know it.
Only smart people
make themselves nuts
about what they're good at
or not good at.
Okay?
Try it again, huh?
You got it.
Firefighter, leader,
and a shrink,
that's very nice.
Thanks, Chief. Thanks.
Question for you.
Yeah?
What's your take
on Captain Beckett?
Um, uh, I-I think he--
it's--
he must be
in a tough position.
Honesty over diplomacy, please.
Okay. Um...
Well, here it is--
Uh, he is a bare minimum guy
in a house of overachievers.
We're a "how do you go above
and beyond" kinda house,
and he's a "sit around an wait
for your pension to kick in"
kinda captain.
And it's a bummer and starting
to affect everything.
Wow, you just distilled
into two sentences
what I couldn't
even put into words.
Thank you.
It's looking great, team.
Love to see it.
Keep it up.
All right,
Girls Camp?
Girls Camp!
Hey, I'm Andy.
And that's
Sullivan over there.
I'm-- I'm Omar.
Omar, save your energy.
I-I tried to land to take
the brunt of--
brunt of the impact.
Yep, and you succeeded,
my friend.
Looks like your passengers
are gonna be okay because of it.
You're--
You're a hero.
I ju-- I jus--
I just don't know--
don't know any other way.
Exactly what
a hero would say.
When you're a pilot,
you're-- you're in command.
Y-You keep
your people safe.
You're a good man, Omar.
I wish more people
thought like you.
Dad?
D-Dad?
Dad, what are you--
what are you--
What's my da--
What's my dad, um...
Dad, I--
I've missed you.
M-My dad's here.
Yeah?
He's gone, Andy.
I know, I know.
I'm just gonna...
I know.
Andy, he's gone.
I know. I...
Andy!
He's gone.
He gave his life
to save his passengers.
Focus, focus, focus.
Okay, hey!
Those two breaths didn't go in.
What do we do next?
What do we do?
Oh, you re-tilt the airway
and try again?
Yes!
Very nice, very nice.
Okay, so those two breaths
did go in.
And now what?
Two breaths, five cycles...
This is so boring.
I did this in
lifeguard training.
Can we please go back
to doing firefighter stuff?
This is firefighter stuff.
This is boring.
Okay, well, it's CPR.
All right, well,
you know, make them do it
to the beat of
"Achy Breaky Heart".
A song literally none of them
are gonna know?
Really?
"Stayin' Alive"?
They're 17-year-olds, Jack. Right.
Uh, uh, um...
Oh, please.
Right, okay, uh, I think
it might help
if we do it to the beat of,
uh, "Baby Shark".
Oh, God, no.
No, no!
Yes! Yeah!
All right, so...
♪ Baby Shark,
doo doo, doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo doo
You are evil!
That's gonna be stuck in all
of our heads for literally days.
Which is exactly where
your CPR training should be.
Right?
So, again now.
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo
You guys laugh,
but this is important.
But it's also
still so boring.
I agree.
This is literally one of
the most important
things you could
learn all day.
Well, right, but if we're out
there fighting a fire,
we wouldn't be
doing this stuff.
Wouldn't the paramedics
be doing it?
Well...
Okay, but a paramedic
and a firefighter
are one in the same
out in the field,
and equally as important.
Equally?
I'd even argue that
it's more important.
When I was in Iraq,
another soldier and I
were on a recon mission,
and we had to stay the night
in a safe house.
It got shelled
while we were there.
My partner had a bullet
go through his lung.
We couldn't get extracted.
So with just the supplies
from our walking packs
and half a bottle of whiskey
that the last people had left,
I had to sedate him,
intubate him,
and then do compressions
on and off all night long
because he kept
losing his pulse.
4 hours and 17 minutes.
I'm in love with her.
Right?
It was this moment of instinct
and training and purpose
all coming together.
I wouldn't be in the place
that I am right now
without a class
just like this one.
And now I'm everybody's boss.
Y'all get that, right?
All right. Great.
So why don't we give it
another shot, huh, with heart?
Gibson, what was that song?
Uh...
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo
doo-doo-doo ♪
Hey.
♪ Baby Shark
One, two, three.
What about him?
What about Jonathan?
He's next.
I can't leave him!
We wouldn't be in this mess
if it wasn't for me.
What about Omar, the pilot?
Did he make it?
Ma'am, our team's
all over this,
and we're the best there is,
all right?
We're gonna get you over
to Seattle Pres.
And we're gonna keep you
posted on your guys.
C-collar.
Uh, I'm feeling
a little weird.
Okay, well,
weird how, Jonathan?
Like, uh-- Like pain?
Not really pain.
It's more tingly?
Where?
Like, uh, in your legs?
Yeah, maybe.
I don't think I can really feel
my legs.
Okay. Well, you know what?
That's, uh--
That's good for us
to know.
Just let us know
if anything changes, all right?
Hey, Sullivan.
Sullivan!
I need you
to tell Beckett
that we're gonna pull
the whole seat out of there.
If we try to cut that rod
and extract him,
we could cause
total paralysis.
Got it.
Yeah, but I need
regular updates on 81's status
and the companies
on the construction site
by Green Lake, okay?
Copy, Chief.
Vic, what are you
doing out here?
Uh, the-- Uh, they're
on a break, so-- and I'm--
Sorry, Chi-- Uh, you kind of
blew my mind back there.
Blew your mind how?
Yeah, I...
I don't think I've ever f-felt
like that about any of this.
How you felt
in that safe house,
right in the pocket, the clarity
and the-- the purpose--
I just don't think I have ever
felt like that about anything.
Okay, now--
No, uh, Chief,
I just feel like I'm always--
I'm always just floating
around in the tide.
I'm never the one driving the
boat. I'm never even in a boat.
Okay, so--
I'm just-- Here--
No, I'm sorry.
Here I am
telling these girls
that this is the greatest
job in the world...
Mm-hmm.
...and that everything else just
makes more sense inside of this,
and I do not know
if I believe that.
Hughes, there's a lot
going on right now.
I need you to stay on ta--
Okay, but how did you--
how did you know that
your pocket was your pocket?
Because I want to be like that,
I want to feel like that.
Vic, I'm sor-- I'm gonna
have to stop you right there.
Yeah.
I'm helping you
with fire camp.
I'm dealing with a citywide
lightning storm.
This may not be
the perfect moment
for a mentoring session, okay?
Understood, understood.
Okay.
Thank you, Chief.
All right, Jonathan,
not much longer.
Hey, hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan, hey.
Hey. We're in the homestretch
now, okay?
Just stay calm.
Stay with us. Stay with us.
I feel so stupid.
I wanted to be a war
correspondent, you know?
Sounds silly,
but it felt like a calling.
I got it,
and I ignored it.
Well, I didn't ignore it.
I gave it up.
For my wife.
That sounds romantic.
Not really.
Made me hate her.
I mean, not hate her,
but resent her.
Which is worse, I think, 'cause
I'm not mean to anyone but her.
I'm serious!
To everyone else,
I'm the best guy in the world.
You know what I thought when you
guys started to whisper about me
possibly having
a spinal injury?
Wait,
y-y-you heard that?
I'm a really good reporter.
I heard you and I thought,
"That'll show her."
Because she'd have to take care
of my paralyzed ass forever.
The ultimate punishment.
I actually had that thought
in the middle of all this.
How screwed up is that?
I'm sure you're under
a lot of stress,
and I'm sure you didn't mean
to say anything like that--
Oh, I meant every bit.
Who knew
it could get worse?
That what I'm feeling now
would be more awful
and terrifying than that?
Jonathan.
Jonathan, what're you
feeling now?
'Cause to be honest,
I'm a little bit afraid
of what
the answer's gonna be.
Desperately, frantically,
painfully in love with her.
I have to fix this.
If I'm in this marriage,
I have to be in it.
I love her.
We got you.
We're gonna take care of you.
You're gonna be okay.
Warren.
I'll be right back.
Beckett's
not going for it.
Hey. Hey, Jonathan, buddy,
better late than never.
I believe in you.
Look at where you are.
You're already casually
defying the odds.
Okay?
No, Captain, I hear that,
but medically speaking,
I'm telling you...
Just because you think
you also have X-ray eyes
doesn't mean we're gonna
make life riskier for this team.
The longer
we stay out here,
the greater the chance
that one of us gets fried.
Respectfully, Captain,
I'm a doctor--
No, Warren.
The safest and fastest
thing to do
is to cut that man
out of that chair--
Oh, my God!
This is ridiculous.
Excuse me?
No, she's actually right.
We are wasting time.
You're out of line, too, Herrera.
Ben knows what
he's talking about!
And you have--
Captain, I know
what I'm saying, all right?
This is how
we save this man.
He's a doctor.
You need to listen.
All right, you know what?
You seem like you really want
to run the show, Herrera,
so why don't you?
Let's see how you do, hm?
Change of plans, everyone.
We're extricating
in the chair!
Ruiz, Bishop, Cutler, V struts
and stabilize that helo.
Montgomery, open up that
left side and get us egress.
Everyone else,
we need all hands...
♪ It's too late now
Keep everybody back!
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
♪ The purest pieces
I left behind ♪
♪ And I made choices,
and here they lie ♪
♪ Oh, I promise I tried
♪ I promise I tried
♪ Mm
♪ It's too late now
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
♪ With the devil,
I'm going down ♪
No, no, hey!
We don't have enough as it is.
No.
What?
I needed this.
You know, working
with the girls and you
and doing something
I'm good at.
Oh, buddy.
Didn't mind them being
super mean to me, either.
Of course you didn't.
What is that?
Obviously I didn't
grow up with family,
but watching
other people's,
I thought the thing
that distinguished it
from everyone else was that
you could give each other crap
or mess up, and they'd still
have to love you, you know?
Couldn't kick you out of
the circle or return you.
What's that?
Me as a baby.
My bio-sister
dropped it off.
And my parents have been
holding onto it for years.
Apparently they did love me,
they just...
...didn't like me.
Jack.
Come on, that's--
that's different.
You know it is.
And if you don't, I'm--
I'm telling you.
And I can be as mean about it
as you need me to be
for it to sink in.
Jack, they--
they loved you.
And they couldn't keep you.
Okay?
So, you got a sister
sniffing around, huh?
How do we feel about that?
Curious, I guess.
I don't know.
Confused.
Okay.
Those are normal
and appropriate feelings.
I can work with that.
Thank you. Yeah.
Stop! Hold!
Hold, hold.
Bishop, step away.
Thought you were
running the scene.
I'm doing exactly that.
Hold him up. Stable.
We got it.
I'm coming around.
Okay, just remember you
are its brains, all right?
I'm right behind you. Good.
Oh! That's good, that's good.
Right in the work.
Perfect.
What the...
Give me this,
give me this, Santos.
Help! Help!
You have to help me!
Somebody, Help!
Girls, get back! Get back!
Everybody, get back!
Help, please!
Okay, sir!
You have to help me!
Sir.
Please!
Hold on. Slow down,
slow down, slow down.
Stay back there.
Right here, right here.
You gotta help!
They were struck by lightning.
We were just getting to
my mom's for Sunday lunch.
She said not to come
in the storm.
Monitors. We gotta get them all
on monitors with defib pads.
What does that mean?
Are they going to be okay?
Hey, back up, back up.
Enzo, Enzo.
Just keep talking to me, okay?
They were
unloading the car.
We've been bringing her
supplies for the week.
Lightning hit the ground
or something.
I was still in the car.
It should have been me.
No, no, no, it's good it wasn't.
You got them here, right?
Hey, hey, let me work. Dispatch,
this is Chief Ross.
I need three aid cars
to Station 19
for three post-lightning
cardiac arrests.
Chief, every aid car
in a 20-mile radius
is on a call. Please.
Just give me what you can
when you can.
Suddenly they all fell
and were out.
I threw them in the trunk
and just brought them him.
You did that yourself?
Charging.
Chief,
we need more hands.
I know, uh...
Santos, O'Hare,
I need you over here now.
You're helping.
Uh, Coles, Davila,
grab med bags.
Good, good, good.
Look at me.
It's just like how I'm doing.
Just like we were doing
this morning.
You were both so great at it,
which is why I called you over.
All right, it's not as scary
as it looks.
You got it. Ready?
Take over.
You got it.
O'Hare, O'Hare.
O'Hare, look at me.
I'm right here.
You got this, okay?
Right.
Hey, hey, hey.
"Baby Shark", right?
Right.
♪ Baby Shark,
doo doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo-doo-doo,
Baby Shark ♪
Almost.
♪ Doo doo-doo-doo
Good, good.
Keep going.
♪ Doo doo-doo-doo
Ready.
Clear.
♪ Baby Shark,
doo doo-doo-doo ♪
You're doing great.
Check his pulse.
♪ Baby Shark,
doo doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo-doo-doo
Oh, my God, I have a pulse. Oh,
my God, oh, my God, oh, my God!
That's good, Santos!
That's good.
Oh, hey.
♪ Baby Shark, doo doo-doo-doo
Hey. Oh!
Look at who's so strong.
Deep breaths, all right?
Your dad's right there.
Okay.
Good job, kiddo.
Hey, looks like
your wife is coming around, too.
Hey, baby,
can you hear me?
Hospital dispatch,
this is Aid Car 19,
Ben Warren.
En route with a 40-year-old
male, alert and oriented,
with a spinal injury
and leg impalement.
We're gonna need a lot of hands
with this one.
Ready for you, Aid 19.
I don't think you are.
19--
No, tell trauma, tell ortho,
and tell neurosurgery.
That will be assessed
when you deliver--
Already been assessed.
I'm calling to make sure that
everyone's prepared for this,
because I know
you don't have enough hands.
Thank you.
Hey. That's leadership
right there.
They didn't want to listen,
you made them listen.
You didn't call them cute names.
You weren't an ass about it.
Thank you?
Meanwhile,
Bishop's wilding out
and no one is doing
anything about it.
Herrera pulled her.
Too little, too late.
And Herrera
isn't the captain.
This is as much
a Beckett problem
as it is a Bishop problem,
and I'm sick of it.
Look, I'm-- I'm worried
about Bishop, too.
But Beckett, I mean, it's--
it just kinda is what it is.
No. No, man, a-a crappy captain
is the kiss of death.
I know
'cause I was one.
♪ I can't pick you up
Thank you so much.
All of you.
♪ And you can't save yourself
Of course, of course.
Good luck.
♪ And it hurts too much
Hey, hey, hey.
That was so scary.
I can't do this.
It's okay.
It's over now, right?
Hey.
Hey, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
I can't. I can't.
I got you. I got you.
I got you. It's okay.
It's okay. I got you.
I don't know how
you guys do this.
I can't do this.
We kind of
already did do it?
Yeah, she's right.
She's right. You did.
You did.
You all did.
Okay?
Day one, lives saved.
It's no big deal, right?
I'm sorry. I don't know
what's wrong with me.
No, no, no. Hey, hey, hey.
Look at me.
This is relief crying.
And I do it all the time, too.
So does he.
Oh, yeah.
This is actually...
...the best kind of crying
for a firefighter, okay?
It means you don't let
your emotions unravel
and you stay focused when you're
in the middle of the saving
and the doing
and the whole thing.
Right?
And it also means
you don't bottle it up
and let it mess with your head
or your insides later.
All right, so this can be
a good thing.
This is a good thing.
You can cry. Okay.
You can cry.
♪ I won't run, I won't run
You did good.
You did good today.
♪ Every shipwreck
needs a setting sun ♪
I have a million texts
from Eli.
Yeah, that tracks.
I've practically ignored
everything he's asked me to do.
He's not an idiot.
He knew what he was in for.
Yeah, but I don't
think I did.
I mean, it's like--
it's like it was
a game before
and he's trying
to make it a job.
And it's just...
I don't know. It's like,
am I in this, or am I not?
Are you--
Are you still "in charge"?
Because if we go
directly there,
then maybe I can catch
the end of this thing.
No? Like, "no" like
it's a terrible idea?
Or like...
"I have to ask Beckett"?
Beckett.
Hey, Captain!
Vic, if you say that you
still don't feel like
you were in
the pocket today,
there's something
wrong with you.
I watched you in here all day,
over and over again,
how you counseled those girls,
how you taught those girls.
Yeah, I know.
That felt good.
Chief, it felt good,
it felt right, it felt easy.
Well, not easy,
you know, but, um...
Yeah, I know.
I know.
And it all makes sense
to me.
And that's why it even
more feels like I am...
on the wrong path here.
Vic, despite being
incredibly smart,
you are
incredibly dramatic.
Why can't the right thing
be easy?
Why can't it be something
right in front of you?
that you are already doing well?
Well...
Vic, I want you
to run Crisis One.
Me?
You.
You're good with people,
with their feelings,
with getting in
their heads
while still holding space
for their hearts.
And you are one of
the best first responders
I have ever seen
because you care so deeply.
Thank you?
Diane Lewis has
pitched in beautifully,
but now Crisis One
needs a permanent leader.
Someone with your exact
combined skill set.
Now, w-why haven't you
taken the reins on this yet?
W-Wasn't that the plan?
Well, yeah,
yeah, it was.
It's just that that was
when it was a pilot program,
not this big citywide thing.
Yeah, right.
Exactly. So now it needs
a real leader.
Vic, your purpose isn't
some big, giant thing
that you're gonna discover
out there somewhere.
It's everything that
you have done,
everything that
you're going to do
that connects
the dots of your life
that brings meaning
and value to you, to others.
All of those dots
make you ideal for Crisis One.
You missed it, Montgomery.
But of course you did.
I was, uh--
Hey! Hey, guys!
Hey, I-I know I'm late,
but just, uh-- just hear me out
for a second.
I-I was-- I was on a call,
and I couldn't leave my post
or my team to...
I think what I'm trying to say
is that I'm just like you.
And if you'll support me,
if you'll do that,
you will,
for the first time,
have a candidate
that is one of you.
That knows the struggle
of all firefighters.
Travis.
Eli.
This is
the cleaning crew.
And a lot of hot air
to compensate for his hot head.
Lucky his campaign
isn't doing better.
Between the lack of commitment
and anger issues,
he'd reflect so poorly
on FD.
Sir, I just want you to know
that there are a lot of things
being said about me right now,
and none of them are true.
Captain Greer:
I agree, Montgomery.
That's why it was so important
for you to be here today.
Unfortunately,
this meeting is over.
We all have our FD obligations
we're honoring, too.
Yes, sir.
I told you today
was important.
I know that.
I know that!
You don't think
I didn't know that?
You're making it worse.
You're making it look like you
really do have anger issues.
Travis!
His temper.
You have
to get it together.
I'll do better than that--
leak the Dixon story.
Captain, what-- w--
You can't still
be mad at me,
I rerouted the rigs
for your buddy.
No, what was that
on the call today?
You just checked out.
No, on the contrary, you wanted
to play captain, I let you.
Yeah, it's harder
than it looks, huh?
I was fine.
Yeah, with the mechanics
of the call, sure,
that's the easy part.
It's managing your
tender personalities
that makes this job
a real pain.
Speaking of personality
management--
You wanted to play
captain for a day,
why don't you
get to it, boss?
Hey.
Now you care who you
embarrass me in front of?
I wasn't trying
to embarrass you.
I was trying
to keep people safe.
I was trying to
keep you safe. No.
I think you were using me
to angle for captain.
Oh, get out of here.
Are we--
Are we doing this again?
Deny it, but I'm right.
Just like I'm right about
Ross and Sullivan
and just like I've been
right about Beckett.
Everyone's just riding me
to distract from their own stuff
and I'm sick of it.
Are you listening
to yourself?
Yeah, the other night
I decided to do exactly that.
Okay, so that's
what we're doing.
Rogue Maya is listening
to herself?
You know, I don't need
a lecture right now.
I'm trying to help you.
I am fighting for you,
not against you.
I-I pulled you off that scene
because you do not seem okay.
I know you,
when you're spiraling,
when you're really sinking,
you go after me.
You go after everyone.
You go after your team.
Because that's what your dad
taught you to do.
You go for gold alone.
But me and this team,
we--
we are not your competition.
We are a team
you work with.
We-- We do this together,
but you have to let us.
Please.
Are we done here?
Hey.
Hi.
What's wrong?
I heard
it went great today.
Oh, no, it was.
It was.
It was great.
For the girls,
for Hughes, for me.
But I cannot stop thinking
about this morning.
This morning?
You get that we'll
probably never be able
to ride to work
together, right?
We'll figure it out.
I hate it.
I don't know how being with you
is somehow harder than not,
because that was awful.
But this
Sully,
this feels impossible.
All right, we'll never
be able to carpool.
Seattle is a big city,
we can explore its outskirts.
Seattle is not as big
as you think it is.
All right, well, we'll move.
How 'bout that, huh?
We'll quit our jobs
and we'll move, uh, to Spain.
Sully...
Sorry, look, I'm not
making light of this.
But what do you want
me to say, huh?
I want more
and so do you.
And it's not gonna change. Exactly.
You know how rare it is
for someone like me
to be where I am.
Positions like mine are not
handed out to people like me.
And even when we get them,
it stays so precarious.
Sully, you know that. Profoundly.
I love where I am.
I deserve where I am.
I'm great
at where I am.
But today I realized
there's something
that's more important
than that.
People look up to me.
People who look like me,
people who need an example
of a me to know
that they can do it, too.
I cannot mess this up
for myself,
and I really can't mess
this up for them.
Natasha, you are not listening.
Listen, I don't know
how we make this work.
What-- What--
Sully, I'm saying
I don't know if we can.
I am so sorry.
♪ I saw the devil
I'm sorry.
♪ Down by the water's edge
♪ He told me
under dark skies ♪
♪ He'd seen my troubles end
♪ I will rise
♪ As long as I'm breathing
♪ Oh, I'm alive
♪ I will rise
♪ As long as I'm breathing
♪ Build your walls,
I'll tear them down ♪
♪ The silence I will break
♪ My will was buried deep
♪ Oh, but I'm digging
up the grave ♪
♪ Blood and sweat
burned on my face ♪
♪ All I've done
to earn my fate ♪
♪ This whole world
is mine to take ♪
♪ Ohhhhhh, I--
♪ I will rise
♪ As long as I'm breathing
♪ Oh, I'm alive
♪ I will rise
♪ As long as I'm breathing
♪ Oh, I will rise
Herrera! Let's go!
♪ Higher, oh, higher
♪ I will rise
Captions by VITAC--